Fix the duplicate increment bug in the "Yardımcı Ol / Yardım Edildi" interaction.

CURRENT BUG:
When the user taps the "Yardımcı Ol" button only once, the "Yardımcı Oldu" counter increases by 2 instead of 1.

Example:
Initial count: 0
User taps once
Incorrect result: 2
Expected result: 1

Investigate the entire helper/support interaction flow and fix the root cause.

IMPORTANT REQUIREMENTS:

1. A single user action must create only ONE helper/support interaction.

2. Check for duplicate increment logic:
- frontend local state increment
- optimistic UI update
- Supabase insert/update
- database RPC/function
- database trigger
- realtime subscription
- useEffect
- duplicate onPress handlers
- duplicate API requests

Do not increment the counter in multiple places.

3. Use the database as the single source of truth.

The helper count must be calculated from real helper/support records.

Example logic:

helper_count = COUNT(helper_records WHERE report_id = current_report_id)

Do not manually store or increment a fake local counter if the database already provides the real count.

4. Prevent duplicate support records.

Add or verify a unique database constraint:

UNIQUE(report_id, user_id)

A user must not be able to create multiple active "Yardımcı Oldu" records for the same animal report.

5. Button behavior:

First tap:
- Create one helper record
- Button changes to "Yardım Edildi!"
- Counter increases exactly by 1

Second tap / undo behavior:
If the feature supports toggling:
- Delete the user's helper record
- Button changes back to "Yardımcı Ol"
- Counter decreases exactly by 1

If undo is not supported:
- Ignore additional taps
- Never create another duplicate helper record

6. Disable the button while the request is processing.

Example:

if (isSubmitting) return;

Set:
isSubmitting = true

Before request.

Reset:
isSubmitting = false

After request finishes.

This must prevent rapid double taps and duplicate requests.

7. Do not use code such as:

setHelperCount(prev => prev + 1)

if a realtime subscription or database refetch already updates the count.

The UI must display the real count returned from the database.

8. Check React development behavior / StrictMode.

Make sure helper creation is NEVER executed automatically inside useEffect.

The insert/delete action must only run from an explicit user button press.

9. After creating or deleting a helper record:
- refetch the helper count from Supabase
OR
- allow the realtime subscription to update the state

Do not do both a manual +1 and a realtime +1.

10. Test the following scenario:

Count = 0
Tap "Yardımcı Ol" once
Expected count = 1

Tap button rapidly multiple times
Expected maximum count for this user = 1

Reload page
Expected count = 1

Log out and log back in
Expected count = 1

Another user taps "Yardımcı Ol"
Expected count = 2

First user removes support if toggle is enabled
Expected count = 1

Also inspect existing database rows and remove duplicate helper records created by the previous bug.

Do not change the current UI design, colors, layout, typography, card sizes, or button design.

Only fix the helper interaction logic, duplicate request issue, database uniqueness, and counter synchronization.

At the end, report:
- What caused the counter to increase twice
- Which file/function was fixed
- Whether duplicate database rows existed
- How duplicate support records are now prevented