TASK: Replace the current login screen visual with the newly provided reference image.

I have attached a new image named/reference image: c1.jpg.

IMPORTANT:
Do NOT redesign the login page.
Do NOT change the authentication logic.
Do NOT change input fields, buttons, navigation, validation, Supabase auth logic, or existing login functionality.

Only replace the CURRENT LOGIN SCREEN IMAGE/VISUAL with the newly attached c1.jpg image.

REQUIREMENTS:

1. Find the exact image component or asset currently used on the Login screen.

2. Remove the old login visual/image reference and replace it with the new provided c1.jpg asset.

3. Store the image as a local application asset.
For example:

assets/images/login-hero.jpg

Use the real project asset structure if a different asset folder already exists.

4. The new image MUST display completely.

CRITICAL IMAGE DISPLAY RULES:
- Do not crop the top of the image.
- Do not crop the logo.
- Do not crop the dog or cat.
- Do not zoom the image.
- Do not stretch or distort the image.
- Preserve the original aspect ratio.
- The complete composition must remain visible.

For React Native / Expo, prefer:

resizeMode="contain"

or:

contentFit="contain"

depending on the image component/library currently used.

Example logic:

<Image
  source={require('../assets/images/login-hero.jpg')}
  style={styles.loginHeroImage}
  resizeMode="contain"
/>

The exact implementation must match the current project architecture.

5. IMAGE CONTAINER

The image container must adapt responsively to the available screen width.

Use responsive sizing.

Recommended behavior:

width: '100%'
height: undefined
aspectRatio based on the original image

Do NOT use fixed negative positioning such as:

top: -50
marginTop: -100
transform: [{ scale: 1.3 }]

Remove any existing scale, translateY, overflow clipping, or negative margin that causes the hero image to be cut off.

6. If the parent container currently uses:

overflow: 'hidden'

and it causes the image to be cropped, fix the container structure.

Do not blindly remove overflow from unrelated UI elements.

7. SAFE AREA

Respect iPhone Dynamic Island / notch and Android status bar.

The image must start from the correct visual position and must not disappear behind the system status bar.

Use the project's existing SafeAreaView / safe area implementation correctly.

8. RESPONSIVE CROSS-PLATFORM AUDIT

Verify the updated login visual on:

- iOS simulator
- Android simulator
- Web responsive/mobile view

The same new image must appear on ALL platforms.

Do not create an iOS-only implementation.

Check for platform-specific components such as:

Platform.OS === 'ios'
Platform.OS === 'android'

and make sure both platforms use the new asset.

9. WEB

On Web:
- Keep the image centered.
- Preserve its aspect ratio.
- Do not stretch the image horizontally.
- Do not crop the image due to max-height or fixed container dimensions.

10. CLEANUP

After replacing the image:

- Search the entire Login screen and related login components for references to the previous hero/login image.
- Remove obsolete asset imports if they are no longer used.
- Do not leave duplicate images layered behind the new image.
- Check absolute-positioned decorative elements that could overlap the new image.

FINAL EXPECTED RESULT:

The Login screen must use the newly attached c1.jpg design as its main visual.

The FULL image must be visible.
The top purple shape must not be cut.
The Canyoldaşı logo and slogan must remain fully visible.
The dog and cat section must remain fully visible.
The image must preserve its original proportions.

Authentication UI and logic must continue working exactly as before.

After implementation, report:
1. Which Login component was modified.
2. Which old asset was replaced.
3. The final local path of the new image.
4. Whether iOS, Android, and Web now reference the same image asset.
5. Any style that previously caused image cropping.